We're all done with our update route handler.
We've now got a lot of different routes inside of here and we've got some tests for each of them.
But before we just say that everything's really complete, I think would be kind of nice to test everything
out using Postman to make sure that we can reach into this ticket service, create a ticket, updated
ticket, and so on.
So we're going to use Postman in this video to test out these different route handlers before we can.
However, remember, we have to expose access to this ticket service.
We have not updated our ingress engine x config file and told it to take requests to API tickets and
forward them on to our ticket service.
So I'm going to find my info directory inside there.
I'll find Kate's ingress survey.
So here's our ingress config file.
I'm going to go down to our Path's section and right after the API users path I'm going to add in a
new path.
So we'll say any request to API, slash tickets, slash anything.
Take the request and forward it onto this back end.
I want to send it to the service with the name of tickets, Savi.
And a service port of 3000.
Now, once again, it's super important that we add in this new path right here before the reactor,
the next JJ's root handler or path rule setting right here.
This is a catch all route.
So if we put that at the top, every single incoming request is always going to match that 1/1 and we'll
never get on to API users or API tickets.
All right, I'm going to save this file.
And then going to open up postman on my local machine.
So here's postman right here, and we're going to try to test out the different route handlers we just
put together to access all them.
Remember, we do have to be authenticated.
The first thing I'm going to do is make a request to attempt to either sign in or sign up.
So we'll do a post request to HTTPS ticketing dev API users sign in.
I'll go to Body Select Raw, make sure I've got JSON selected over here and I could put in an email
and password.
And remember if you're going to make a request to sign in, the email password must be some combination
that is valid that you've already created an account for on the service.
So if you do not remember any credentials, you can always change it over to sign up and make a request
to sign up with the email and password instead.
Either way, whether you use sign up or sign in, make sure you make that request and get a response
back.
As long as we see a response back, that means we should now be authenticated just to confirm that we
could open up a second tab.
Make a get request to ticketing dev API users, current user.
And if we send that in, we should see.
Yes, we are authenticated.
All right.
So now that I'm authenticated, first thing I'm going to do is attempt to create a new ticket.
So I'll open up a third tab.
I'm going to make a post request to HTTPS ticketing dev API tickets.
Under the header section, I'm going to put in a content.
Type of application.
Jason.
I'll then go to the body tab, select raw, make sure I've got JSON selected and we'll enter in the
attributes or parameters, body parameters that are required to create a ticket, which you'll recall
is a title and a price.
So I'll put in a title.
Of concert.
At a price of ten.
Remember that we are writing JSON here.
So the keys have to be wrapped in double quotes and the word concert has to have double quotes as well.
I'll then send this in and I should see a response that looks like this right here.
I should have a status of two of one created and I should see the title The Price My user ID because
I'm the person who owns this ticket and my ID for the ticket right there as well.
That definitely looks good.
So now if we take that ID, I'll copy it.
And I'm going to try to make a get request to API tickets slash and then that ID.
Well, then send that off.
And there we go.
Request made successfully.
Status 200.
And I see all the details about that particular ticket.
Let's try to fetch a list of all of our tickets to do so.
We can delete that ID at the very end and make a request to just API tickets.
So I'll send that off and I should get back an array of all the different tickets that have been created.
Now, in my case, I have to write here because I created one just before this video to test this out,
make sure everything was working correctly.
So you're probably going to see an array with just the ticket that you created.
So now finally, let's try to update this ticket that we just made a moment ago.
So I'm going to take it's ID once again.
I'm going to change the request type to a put.
I'll make the requests to API tickets and then the ID.
And then we could add in a new title and a new price.
So, for example, I could put in a new title of How about new concerts and a price of 500?
I'll make that request.
And there we go.
I get a response back with the updated data.
And of course, if you really want to test this, we could try to fetch that ticket again so I can change
this back to a git.
Leave the URL the same.
Fetch the ticket and I'll see details about the one that I just updated.
Yep.
Looks like all that data was persisted successfully.
Okay.
So overall, I'd say this looks pretty good.
I think that our ticket service is working.
So let's take a quick pause right here and continue in just a moment.